## Problem: Two Sum

### Problem Description

Given an array of integers ```nums``` and an integer ```targe```t, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to ```target```.

You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution, and you may not use the same element twice.

You can return the answer in any order.

Example 1:
```
Input: nums = [2,7,11,15], target = 9
Output: [0,1]
Explanation: Because nums[0] + nums[1] == 9, we return [0, 1].
```

Example 2:
```
Input: nums = [3,2,4], target = 6
Output: [1,2]
```

Example 3:
```
Input: nums = [3,3], target = 6
Output: [0,1]
```

<hr> 

### Solution Explanation

```cpp

class Solution {
public:
    vector<int> twoSum(vector<int>& nums, int target) {
        unordered_map <int, int> map;
        vector <int> ans;
        int n = nums.size();
        
        for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
            if (map.find(target - nums[i]) != map.end()) { 
                ans.push_back(map[target - nums[i]]);
                ans.push_back(i);
                return ans;
            }
            
            map[nums[i]] = i;
        }
        
        return ans;
    }
};

```

The code uses an unordered map (unordered_map) to store the elements of the input array and their corresponding indices. The map is used to efficiently check if the complement of the current element (target - nums[i]) exists in the array.

Here's how the code works:

- Create an unordered map called ```map``` to store the elements of the array and their indices.
- Create an empty vector called ```ans``` to store the indices of the two numbers that add up to the target.
- Get the size of the input array and store it in the variable ```n```.
- Iterate through the array using a for loop with the index variable ```i```.
- Check if the complement of the current element (```target - nums[i]```) exists in the hash table (```map```).
- If it exists, it means we have found the two numbers that add up to the target. Append the indices to the ```ans``` vector and return it as the result.
- If the complement doesn't exist in the hash table, store the current element (```nums[i]```) in the hash table with its index (```i```).
- If no solution is found after the loop, return an empty vector ```ans``` indicating that no two numbers add up to the target.

### Complexity Analysis

- _**Time Complexity Analysis:**_
The time complexity of this code is O(n) because we iterate through the array once, performing constant time operations inside the loop.

- _**Space Complexity Analysis:**_
The space complexity is O(n) as we store the elements of the array in the unordered map. In the worst case, when no solution is found, the ans vector will be empty.

### Repository Structure
```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - Solutions/
    - 1. Two Sum.md
```
