
## Problem: GCD of Strings

### Problem Description
For two strings s and t, we say "t divides s" if and only if s = t + ... + t (i.e., t is concatenated with itself one or more times).

Given two strings str1 and str2, return the largest string x such that x divides both str1 and str2.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: str1 = "ABCABC", str2 = "ABC"
Output: "ABC"
```
```
Example 2:

Input: str1 = "ABABAB", str2 = "ABAB"
Output: "AB"
```
<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    string gcdOfStrings(string str1, string str2) {
        
        if(str1+str2 != str2+str1) return "";

        int gcdLength = gcd(str1.length(), str2.length());

        return str1.substr(0, gcdLength);
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by finding the GCD of the two input strings, `str1` and `str2`. Here's how it works:

1. The `gcdOfStrings()` function takes two strings, `str1` and `str2`, as input.

2. It first checks if the concatenation of `str1` and `str2` is equal to the concatenation of `str2` and `str1`. This condition ensures that the two strings have a common factor that can be their GCD. If the condition is not satisfied, it means there is no common factor, and the function returns an empty string.

3. If the condition is satisfied, it calculates the length of the GCD using the `gcd()` function. The `gcdLength` is computed by finding the greatest common divisor of the lengths of `str1` and `str2`.

4. Finally, it returns a substring of `str1` starting from index 0 with a length of `gcdLength`. This substring represents the GCD of the two strings.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code depends on the `gcd()` function, which typically has a time complexity of O(log(min(a, b))), where a and b are the lengths of `str1` and `str2`. The concatenation check has a time complexity of O(a + b). Therefore, the overall time complexity is determined by the `gcd()` function.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) since the code only uses a constant amount of additional space.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - gcdOfStrings/
    - gcdOfStrings.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `gcdOfStrings.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
