# Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock

## Problem Statement

You are given an array `prices` where `prices[i]` is the price of a given stock on the i-th day. You want to maximize your profit by choosing a single day to buy one stock and choosing a different day in the future to sell that stock. Return the maximum profit you can achieve from this transaction. If you cannot achieve any profit, return 0.

## Approach

The given code implements a solution to find the maximum profit that can be achieved by buying and selling stocks. It follows a simple approach using a single pass through the prices array. The steps are as follows:

1. Initialize a variable `min_price` with the maximum possible value (INT_MAX) and a variable `profit` with 0. These variables will keep track of the minimum price seen so far and the maximum profit obtained.
2. Iterate through the `prices` array from left to right.
3. For each price, update the `min_price` by taking the minimum value between the current price and the previous `min_price`.
4. Calculate the potential profit by subtracting the `min_price` from the current price.
5. Update the `profit` by taking the maximum value between the current profit and the potential profit.
6. Finally, return the `profit`, which represents the maximum profit that can be achieved.

## Complexity Analysis

Let's assume n is the number of elements in the `prices` array.

- Time Complexity: The code performs a single pass through the `prices` array, so the time complexity is O(n).
- Space Complexity: The code uses a constant amount of additional space, so the space complexity is O(1).

## Code Implementation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int maxProfit(vector<int>& prices) {
       int min_price = INT_MAX;
       int profit = 0;

       for(int i = 0; i<prices.size(); i++)
       {
           min_price = min(prices[i],min_price);
           profit = max(profit,prices[i]-min_price);
       }
       return profit;
    }
};

