
## Problem: Single Number

### Problem Description

Given a non-empty array of integers nums, every element appears twice except for one. Find that single one.

You must implement a solution with a linear runtime complexity and use only constant extra space.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: nums = [2,2,1]
Output: 1
```
<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int singleNumber(vector<int>& nums) {
        int size = nums.size();
        int x = 0;

        if(size == 1) return nums[0];

        sort(nums.begin(),nums.end());

        for(int x = 0; x<size; x++)
        {
            if(nums[x] == nums[x+1]) x = x+1;

            else return nums[x];
        }
        return nums[x];
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by sorting the array and then searching for the element that appears only once. Here's how it works:

1. The `singleNumber` function takes a vector `nums` as input.

2. It initializes a variable `size` to store the size of the array and another variable `x` to store the single number.

3. It checks if the size of the array is 1. If it is, it means that the single number is the only element in the array, so it directly returns `nums[0]`.

4. If the size is greater than 1, it sorts the array using the `sort` function from the `<algorithm>` library. Sorting the array brings the duplicate elements together.

5. Then, it iterates through the sorted array using a for loop. The loop variable `x` starts from 0 and goes up to `size-1`.

6. Inside the loop, it checks if the current element `nums[x]` is equal to the next element `nums[x+1]`. If they are equal, it means that this element is a duplicate, so it skips the next element by incrementing `x` by 1.

7. If the current element `nums[x]` is not equal to the next element, it means that `nums[x]` is the unique element, so it returns `nums[x]`.

8. If none of the elements are found to be unique within the loop, it returns the last element of the array as the single number.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the code is O(N log N), where N is the size of the input array `nums`. The code performs the sorting operation, which has a time complexity of O(N log N), and then iterates through the sorted array once.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) since the code uses only a constant amount of extra space.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - singleNumber/
    - singleNumber.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `singleNumber.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
