
## Problem: Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies

**Problem Description:**

There are n kids with candies. You are given an integer array candies, where each candies[i] represents the number of candies the ith kid has, and an integer extraCandies, denoting the number of extra candies that you have.

Return a boolean array result of length n, where result[i] is true if, after giving the ith kid all the extraCandies, they will have the greatest number of candies among all the kids, or false otherwise.

Note that multiple kids can have the greatest number of candies.

<br>

Example 1:

```
Input: candies = [2,3,5,1,3], extraCandies = 3
Output: [true,true,true,false,true] 
Explanation: If you give all extraCandies to:
- Kid 1, they will have 2 + 3 = 5 candies, which is the greatest among the kids.
- Kid 2, they will have 3 + 3 = 6 candies, which is the greatest among the kids.
- Kid 3, they will have 5 + 3 = 8 candies, which is the greatest among the kids.
- Kid 4, they will have 1 + 3 = 4 candies, which is not the greatest among the kids.
- Kid 5, they will have 3 + 3 = 6 candies, which is the greatest among the kids.
```

<hr>

## Solution

The provided code is a C++ implementation of a solution to the problem "Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies" on LeetCode. Let's break down how it works:

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    vector<bool> kidsWithCandies(vector<int>& candies, int extraCandies) {
        vector<bool> result;
        int sum;

        int max = *max_element(candies.begin(), candies.end());

        for(int x = 0; x < candies.size(); x++)
        {
            sum = candies[x] + extraCandies;

            if(sum >= max)
                result.push_back(true);
            else
                result.push_back(false);
        }

        return result;
    }
};
```

The code defines a class `Solution` which contains a member function `kidsWithCandies`. This function takes in a vector `candies`, representing the number of candies each kid has, and an integer `extraCandies`, representing the additional candies that can be added.

1. We initialize an empty vector `result` that will store the boolean values indicating whether each kid can have the greatest number of candies.
2. We find the maximum number of candies in the vector `candies` using the `max_element` function from the `<algorithm>` library. The `max` variable stores the maximum value found.
3. We iterate through each kid's candy count in the `candies` vector.
4. For each kid, we calculate the total number of candies they would have if they received `extraCandies` by adding `candies[x] + extraCandies` and store it in the `sum` variable.
5. We compare `sum` with the maximum value (`max`), and if the sum is greater than or equal to the maximum, we push `true` to the `result` vector, indicating that the kid can have the greatest number of candies.
6. Otherwise, if the sum is less than the maximum, we push `false` to the `result` vector, indicating that the kid cannot have the greatest number of candies.
7. After iterating through all the kids, we return the `result` vector.

In simple terms, the code calculates the total number of candies each kid would have if they received the `extraCandies`, and then checks if that total is greater than or equal to the maximum number of candies among all the kids. Finally, it returns a vector of boolean values indicating which kids can have the greatest number of candies.

Feel free to use this solution as a reference for solving similar problems or add it to your LeetCode solutions repository. Happy coding!
