
## Problem: Running Sum of 1d Array

### Problem Description
Given an array nums. We define a running sum of an array as runningSum[i] = sum(nums[0]…nums[i]).

Return the running sum of nums.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: nums = [1,2,3,4]
Output: [1,3,6,10]
Explanation: Running sum is obtained as follows: [1, 1+2, 1+2+3, 1+2+3+4].
```
<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    vector<int> runningSum(vector<int>& nums) {
        int i = 0;
        int j = 1;

        while(j<nums.size())
        {
            nums[j] = nums[j] + nums[i];
            i++;
            j++;
        }
        return nums;
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by calculating the running sum of the array in-place. Here's how it works:

1. The `runningSum` function takes a vector `nums` as input.

2. It initializes two pointers, `i` and `j`, with `i` pointing to the first element and `j` pointing to the second element of the array.

3. Using a while loop, it continues until `j` is less than the size of the array.

4. Within the loop, it updates the value at index `j` by adding the value at index `i` to it. This operation modifies the array in-place, replacing each element with its running sum.

5. After updating the value at index `j`, it increments both `i` and `j` to move to the next pair of elements.

6. Once the loop finishes, it returns the modified array `nums` containing the running sum of the original array.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the code is O(N), where N is the size of the input array `nums`. The code iterates through the array once, performing constant-time operations for each element.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) since the code operates in-place and does not use any additional space.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - runningSum/
    - runningSum.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `runningSum.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
