
## Problem: Average Salary Excluding the Minimum and Maximum

### Problem Description

You are given an array of unique integers salary where salary[i] is the salary of the ith employee.

Return the average salary of employees excluding the minimum and maximum salary. Answers within 10-5 of the actual answer will be accepted.

 
 ```
Example 1:

Input: salary = [4000,3000,1000,2000]
Output: 2500.00000
Explanation: Minimum salary and maximum salary are 1000 and 4000 respectively.
Average salary excluding minimum and maximum salary is (2000+3000) / 2 = 2500
```
<hr>
Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    double average(vector<int>& salary) {

        double sum = 0;
        double count = 0;
        int length = salary.size();

        sort(salary.begin(), salary.end());

       for(int i=0; i<salary.size(); i++)
       {
           sum = sum + salary[i]; 
           count++;
       }
        count = count - 2;
        sum = sum - salary[0];
        sum = sum - salary[length-1];

        return sum/count;
    }
};
```


The provided code solves the problem by calculating the average salary excluding the minimum and maximum values. Here's how it works:

1. The `average()` function takes a vector of integers `salary` as input.

2. It initializes two double variables:
   - `sum` to store the sum of all salaries.
   - `count` to keep track of the number of salaries.

3. The code sorts the `salary` array in ascending order using the `sort()` function from the C++ Standard Library.

4. It iterates through each element in the `salary` array using a `for` loop.

5. Inside the loop, it adds the current salary to the `sum` and increments the `count`.

6. After iterating through all the salaries, the code adjusts the `count` and `sum` to exclude the minimum and maximum values:
   - It subtracts 2 from the `count` to exclude the minimum and maximum salaries.
   - It subtracts the minimum salary from the `sum` using `salary[0]`.
   - It subtracts the maximum salary from the `sum` using `salary[length-1]`, where `length` is the size of the `salary` array.

7. Finally, the function returns the average by dividing the adjusted `sum` by the adjusted `count`.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code is O(n log n), where n is the size of the `salary` array. This is because the code sorts the array using the `sort()` function, which has a time complexity of O(n log n). The subsequent loop has a linear time complexity.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) as the code uses a constant amount of extra space to store variables.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - averageSalary/
    - averageSalary.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `averageSalary.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
