
## Problem: Kth Factor of N

### Problem Description
You are given two positive integers n and k. A factor of an integer n is defined as an integer i where n % i == 0.

Consider a list of all factors of n sorted in ascending order, return the kth factor in this list or return -1 if n has less than k factors.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: n = 12, k = 3
Output: 3
Explanation: Factors list is [1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 12], the 3rd factor is 3.
```
<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int kthFactor(int n, int k) {
        int count = 0;

        for(int i = 1; i<=n; i++)
        {
                     if(n%i == 0)
                     {
                         count++;
                         if(count == k)
                         return i;
                     }
        }
        return -1;
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by finding the kth factor of the given number. Here's how it works:

1. The `kthFactor()` function takes two integers `n` and `k` as input.

2. It initializes an integer variable `count` to keep track of the number of factors found.

3. The code iterates from 1 to `n` using a `for` loop.

4. Inside the loop, it checks if `i` is a factor of `n` by using the condition `n % i == 0`. If it is, it means `i` divides `n` without leaving a remainder.

5. For each factor found, it increments the `count` variable.

6. If the `count` variable is equal to `k`, it means the kth factor has been found. The function returns `i`, which represents the kth factor.

7. If the loop completes without finding the kth factor, the function returns -1, indicating that the kth factor does not exist.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code is O(n), where n is the given number. This is because the code iterates from 1 to n to find the factors.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) as the code uses a constant amount of extra space to store variables.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - kthFactor/
    - kthFactor.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `kthFactor.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
