
## Problem: Highest Altitude

### Problem Description
There is a biker going on a road trip. The road trip consists of n + 1 points at different altitudes. The biker starts his trip on point 0 with altitude equal 0.

You are given an integer array gain of length n where gain[i] is the net gain in altitude between points i​​​​​​ and i + 1 for all (0 <= i < n). Return the highest altitude of a point.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: gain = [-5,1,5,0,-7]
Output: 1
Explanation: The altitudes are [0,-5,-4,1,1,-6]. The highest is 1.
```
<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int largestAltitude(vector<int>& gain) {

        int prefixSum = 0;
        int maxSum = 0;

        for(int i = 0; i<gain.size(); i++) 
        {
            prefixSum += gain[i];
            maxSum = max(maxSum,prefixSum);
        }
        return maxSum;
    }
};


```

The provided code solves the problem by calculating the maximum altitude reached during the journey. Here's how it works:

1. The `largestAltitude()` function takes a vector of integers `gain` as input.

2. It initializes two variables:
   - `prefixSum` to keep track of the cumulative sum of altitudes encountered.
   - `maxSum` to store the maximum altitude reached.

3. The code iterates through each element in the `gain` array using a `for` loop.

4. Inside the loop, it adds the current gain `gain[i]` to the `prefixSum` to update the cumulative sum of altitudes.

5. It updates the `maxSum` by taking the maximum value between the current `maxSum` and the updated `prefixSum` using the `max()` function.

6. After iterating through all the elements, the function returns the `maxSum`, which represents the highest altitude reached during the journey.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code is O(n), where n is the size of the `gain` array. This is because the code iterates through each element of the array once.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) as the code uses a constant amount of extra space to store variables.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - largestAltitude/
    - largestAltitude.cpp
    - README.md
```
In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `largestAltitude.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
