
## Problem: Merge Strings Alternately

### Problem Description
You are given two strings word1 and word2. Merge the strings by adding letters in alternating order, starting with word1. If a string is longer than the other, append the additional letters onto the end of the merged string.

Return the merged string.
```
Example 1:

Input: word1 = "abc", word2 = "pqr"
Output: "apbqcr"
Explanation: The merged string will be merged as so:
word1:  a   b   c
word2:    p   q   r
merged: a p b q c r
```
<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    string mergeAlternately(string word1, string word2) {
      string stl;
        int i,j;
        i = 0;
        j = 0;
      while(i<word1.length() || j<word2.length())
      {
          if(i<word1.length()) stl.push_back(word1[i++]);
          if(j<word2.length()) stl.push_back(word2[j++]);
      }
      return stl;
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by merging the two strings alternately. Here's how it works:

1. The `mergeAlternately()` function takes two strings, `word1` and `word2`, as input.

2. It initializes an empty string, `stl`, to store the merged result.

3. Two variables, `i` and `j`, are initialized to 0, representing the indices of `word1` and `word2` respectively.

4. Using a `while` loop, the function iterates until either `i` reaches the end of `word1` or `j` reaches the end of `word2`.

5. Inside the loop, the function appends the character at index `i` of `word1` to the `stl` string and increments `i` by 1. Similarly, it appends the character at index `j` of `word2` to the `stl` string and increments `j` by 1.

6. If one of the strings reaches its end before the other, the remaining characters of the longer string are appended to `stl`.

7. Finally, the function returns the merged string, `stl`.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the code is O(n), where n is the length of the longer string between `word1` and `word2`. This is because the code iterates through the strings once to merge them.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(n), where n is the length of the merged string. The merged string is stored in the `stl` variable.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - mergeStringsAlternately/
    - mergeStringsAlternately.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `mergeStringsAlternately.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
