
## Problem: Array Sign

### Problem Description

There is a function signFunc(x) that returns:

1 if x is positive.
-1 if x is negative.
0 if x is equal to 0.
You are given an integer array nums. Let product be the product of all values in the array nums.

Return signFunc(product).

 
```
Example 1:

Input: nums = [-1,-2,-3,-4,3,2,1]
Output: 1
Explanation: The product of all values in the array is 144, and signFunc(144) = 1
```

<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int arraySign(vector<int>& nums) {

        long long product = 1;

        for(int i = 0; i<nums.size(); i++)
        {
            if(nums[i] == 0) return 0;
            if(nums[i] > 0)  product = product * 1;
            if(nums[i] < 0)  product = product * (-1);
        }
       return product;
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by calculating the product of all the numbers in the input array and determining its sign. Here's how it works:

1. The `arraySign()` function takes a vector of integers `nums` as input.

2. It initializes a `long long` variable `product` to store the product of the numbers.

3. The code iterates through each number in the input array using a `for` loop.

4. Inside the loop, it performs the following checks for each number `nums[i]`:
   - If the number is equal to 0, it means the product will be 0. Therefore, the function returns 0 immediately.
   - If the number is greater than 0, it multiplies the `product` by 1, maintaining its sign.
   - If the number is less than 0, it multiplies the `product` by -1, flipping its sign.

5. After iterating through all the numbers, the function returns the `product`, which represents the sign of the overall product.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code is O(n), where n is the size of the input array `nums`. This is because the code iterates through each number in the array once.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) as the code uses a constant amount of extra space to store variables.


In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `arraySign.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
