
## Problem: Minimum Operations to Make the Array Increasing

### Problem Description

You are given an integer array nums (0-indexed). In one operation, you can choose an element of the array and increment it by 1.

For example, if nums = [1,2,3], you can choose to increment nums[1] to make nums = [1,3,3].
Return the minimum number of operations needed to make nums strictly increasing.

An array nums is strictly increasing if nums[i] < nums[i+1] for all 0 <= i < nums.length - 1. An array of length 1 is trivially strictly increasing.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: nums = [1,1,1]
Output: 3
Explanation: You can do the following operations:
1) Increment nums[2], so nums becomes [1,1,2].
2) Increment nums[1], so nums becomes [1,2,2].
3) Increment nums[2], so nums becomes [1,2,3].
```

<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int minOperations(vector<int>& nums) {
    int count = 0;

    for(int i=1; i<nums.size(); i++)
    {
        if(nums[i-1] >= nums[i]) 
        
        {
            count += nums[i-1] - nums[i]+1;
            nums[i] = nums[i-1] + 1;
        }
    }   
    return count; 
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by counting the minimum number of operations required to make the array increasing. Here's how it works:

1. The `minOperations()` function takes a vector of integers `nums` as input.

2. It initializes an integer variable `count` to keep track of the number of operations needed.

3. The code iterates through each element in the `nums` array starting from the second element using a `for` loop.

4. Inside the loop, it checks if the previous element `nums[i-1]` is greater than or equal to the current element `nums[i]`.

5. If the condition is true, it means the current element needs to be incremented to make the array strictly increasing. The code performs the following steps:
   - It calculates the difference between the previous element and the current element: `nums[i-1] - nums[i]`.
   - It adds 1 to the difference to ensure the current element becomes greater than the previous element.
   - It updates the current element to the new value: `nums[i] = nums[i-1] + 1`.
   - It increments the `count` variable by the difference: `count += nums[i-1] - nums[i] + 1`.

6. After iterating through all the elements, the function returns the `count`, which represents the minimum number of operations needed to make the array increasing.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code is O(n), where n is the size of the `nums` array. This is because the code iterates through each element of the array once.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) as the code uses a constant amount of extra space to store variables.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - minOperations/
    - minOperations.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `minOperations.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
