# Count Complete Tree Nodes

## Problem Statement


Given the root of a complete binary tree, return the number of the nodes in the tree.

According to Wikipedia, every level, except possibly the last, is completely filled in a complete binary tree, and all nodes in the last level are as far left as possible. It can have between 1 and 2h nodes inclusive at the last level h.

Design an algorithm that runs in less than O(n) time complexity.

<hr>

## Approach

The given code implements the counting of nodes in a complete binary tree. It follows a recursive approach using the concept of depth-first search (DFS). The steps are as follows:

1. The function `countNodes` takes the root of the binary tree as input and returns an integer representing the count of nodes.
2. It first checks if the root is `NULL`. If so, it means that the tree is empty, and there are no nodes. Therefore, it returns 0.
3. If the root is not `NULL`, it recursively counts the number of nodes in the left subtree by calling `countNodes(root->left)`.
4. It recursively counts the number of nodes in the right subtree by calling `countNodes(root->right)`.
5. Finally, it returns the sum of the counts of nodes in the left and right subtrees, plus 1 to account for the root node.

## Complexity Analysis

Let's assume n is the number of nodes in the binary tree.

- Time Complexity: The code visits each node once and performs a constant amount of operations. Hence, the time complexity is O(n).
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is determined by the maximum depth of the recursive call stack. In the worst case, the tree can be skewed, resulting in a recursive call stack of depth n. Therefore, the space complexity is O(n).

## Code Implementation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int countNodes(TreeNode* root) {
        if (root == NULL)
            return 0;

        return countNodes(root->left) + countNodes(root->right) + 1;
    }
};
```
