
## Problem: Remove Stars

### Problem Description
You are given a string s, which contains stars *.

In one operation, you can:

Choose a star in s.
Remove the closest non-star character to its left, as well as remove the star itself.
Return the string after all stars have been removed.

Note:

The input will be generated such that the operation is always possible.
It can be shown that the resulting string will always be unique.
 
```
Example 1:

Input: s = "leet**cod*e"
Output: "lecoe"
Explanation: Performing the removals from left to right:
- The closest character to the 1st star is 't' in "leet**cod*e". s becomes "lee*cod*e".
- The closest character to the 2nd star is 'e' in "lee*cod*e". s becomes "lecod*e".
- The closest character to the 3rd star is 'd' in "lecod*e". s becomes "lecoe".
There are no more stars, so we return "lecoe".
```
<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    string removeStars(string s) {
        string name = "";

        for(int i = 0; i<s.length(); i++)
        {
            if(s[i] == '*') name.pop_back();
            else name.push_back(s[i]);
        }
        return name;
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by removing all occurrences of the character '*' from the given string. Here's how it works:

1. The `removeStars()` function takes a string `s` as input.

2. It initializes an empty string variable `name` to store the resulting string without '*' characters.

3. The code iterates through each character of the input string `s` using a `for` loop.

4. Inside the loop, it checks if the current character `s[i]` is equal to '*'. If it is, it removes the last character from the `name` string using the `pop_back()` function.
   - Note: The `pop_back()` function removes the last character from the string.

5. If the current character `s[i]` is not '*', it means it is a valid character to include in the resulting string. So, it appends the current character to the `name` string using the `push_back()` function.

6. After iterating through all characters of the input string, the function returns the `name` string, which contains the resulting string without '*' characters.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code is O(n), where n is the length of the input string `s`. This is because the code iterates through each character of the string once.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(n), where n is the length of the input string `s`. This is because the code uses an additional string `name` to store the resulting string.


In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `removeStars.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
