# Missing Number in Array

## Problem Statement

You are given an array containing `n` distinct numbers taken from 0, 1, 2, ..., `n`. One number is missing from the array. Find and return the missing number.

## Approach

The provided code offers a solution to find the missing number from an array of distinct numbers. Here's how it works:

1. It begins by sorting the given `nums` array in ascending order using `sort(nums.begin(), nums.end())`.

2. It initializes an integer `count` to the value of the first element in the sorted `nums` array, which will be the smallest number.

3. The variable `i` is set to 0.

4. The code then checks if the first element in the sorted array is not 0. If it's not 0, it means that 0 is the missing number, so the code returns 0.

5. Using a `while` loop, it iterates through the `nums` array:

    - If the current value at `count` is not equal to the value at `nums[i]`, the loop breaks. This means that `count` represents the missing number.
    
    - If the current value at `count` is equal to the value at `nums[i`, it increments both `count` and `i`.

6. After the loop, it checks whether `i` is less than or equal to the size of the `nums` array. If it is, it returns `count` as the missing number.

7. If `i` is greater than the size of the `nums` array, it means that the missing number is the next consecutive number, so it returns `count + 1`.

## Complexity Analysis

Let `n` be the number of elements in the input array `nums`.

- Time Complexity: Sorting the array takes O(n * log(n)) time, and iterating through the array takes O(n) time. So, the overall time complexity is O(n * log(n)).

- Space Complexity: The code uses a constant amount of space, so the space complexity is O(1).

## Code Implementation

Here is the code implementation:

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int missingNumber(vector<int>& nums) {
        sort(nums.begin(), nums.end());
        int count = nums[0];
        int i = 0;
        if (nums[0] != 0) return 0;
        while (i < nums.size()) {
            if (count != nums[i]) break;
            count++;
            i++;
        }
        if (i <= nums.size()) return count;
        return count + 1;
    }
};
