
## Problem: Move Zeroes

### Problem Description

Given an integer array nums, move all 0's to the end of it while maintaining the relative order of the non-zero elements.

Note that you must do this in-place without making a copy of the array.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: nums = [0,1,0,3,12]
Output: [1,3,12,0,0]
```
<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    void moveZeroes(vector<int>& nums)
     {
       
         int j = 0;

         for(int i = 0; i<nums.size(); i++)
         {
             if(nums[i] != 0)
             {
                 nums[j++] = nums[i];
             }
         }

         while(j<nums.size())
         {
             nums[j++] = 0;
         }
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by moving all non-zero elements to the beginning of the array and filling the remaining elements with zeros. Here's how it works:

1. The `moveZeroes` function takes a vector `nums` as input.

2. It initializes a variable `j` to keep track of the current position where non-zero elements should be placed.

3. It iterates through the input array `nums` using a for loop. The loop variable `i` starts from 0 and goes up to `nums.size()-1`.

4. Inside the loop, it checks if the current element `nums[i]` is not equal to zero. If it's not zero, it means it's a non-zero element.

5. In that case, it assigns the non-zero element to `nums[j]` and increments `j` by 1.

6. This process effectively moves all non-zero elements to the beginning of the array while maintaining their relative order.

7. After the first loop, it checks if there are any remaining positions in the array `nums` after the last non-zero element.

8. It enters a while loop that continues until `j` reaches the end of the array `nums`.

9. Inside the while loop, it assigns the value of 0 to `nums[j]` and increments `j` by 1.

10. This process fills the remaining positions with zeros.

11. Finally, the function returns. The modified array `nums` now has all non-zero elements at the beginning followed by zeros at the end.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The code has a time complexity of O(N), where N is the size of the input array `nums`. The code performs a single pass through the array to move non-zero elements to the beginning and fill the remaining positions with zeros.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) since the code uses only a constant amount of extra space.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - moveZeroes/
    - moveZeroes.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `moveZeroes.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
