
## Problem: Increasing Triplet Subsequence

### Problem Description
Given an integer array nums, return true if there exists a triple of indices (i, j, k) such that i < j < k and nums[i] < nums[j] < nums[k]. If no such indices exists, return false.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: nums = [1,2,3,4,5]
Output: true
Explanation: Any triplet where i < j < k is valid.
```
<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    bool increasingTriplet(vector<int>& nums) {

   if(nums.size()<3) return false;     

   int first = INT_MAX;
   int second = INT_MAX;

    for(int i=0; i<nums.size(); i++)
    {
        if(nums[i] <= first) first = nums[i];
        else if(nums[i] <= second) second = nums[i];
        else return true;
    }
    return false;
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by finding an increasing triplet subsequence in the given array `nums`. Here's how it works:

1. The `increasingTriplet` function takes a vector `nums` as input.

2. It first checks if the size of `nums` is less than 3. If it is, then it's not possible to have an increasing triplet subsequence, so it returns false.

3. It initializes two variables `first` and `second` to the maximum possible integer value, `INT_MAX`.

4. It iterates through the input array `nums` using a for loop. The loop variable `i` starts from 0 and goes up to `nums.size()-1`.

5. Inside the loop, it checks if the current element `nums[i]` is less than or equal to the value of `first`. If it is, it updates the value of `first` to `nums[i]`. This ensures that `first` always holds the smallest element encountered so far.

6. If the current element is not less than or equal to `first`, it checks if it's less than or equal to the value of `second`. If it is, it updates the value of `second` to `nums[i]`. This ensures that `second` holds the second smallest element encountered so far.

7. If the current element is neither less than or equal to `first` nor less than or equal to `second`, it means there exists an increasing triplet subsequence. In that case, it returns true.

8. If the loop finishes without finding an increasing triplet subsequence, it returns false.

9. Finally, the function returns either true or false based on whether an increasing triplet subsequence is found or not.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The code has a time complexity of O(N), where N is the size of the input array `nums`. The code performs a single pass through the array to find the increasing triplet subsequence.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) since the code uses only a constant amount of extra space.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - increasingTriplet/
    - increasingTriplet.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `increasingTriplet.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
