
## Problem: Reverse Vowels of a String

### Problem Description
Given a string s, reverse only all the vowels in the string and return it.

The vowels are 'a', 'e', 'i', 'o', and 'u', and they can appear in both lower and upper cases, more than once.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: s = "hello"
Output: "holle"
```

<hr>

### Solution Explanation

 ```cpp
 class Solution {
public:

    bool isVowel(char c)
    {
        return (c==97 || c==101 || c==105 || c==111 || c==117 || c==65 || c==69 || c==73 || c==79 || c==85);
    }

    string reverseVowels(string s) {
               
        for(int i=0, j=s.length()-1; i<j; )
        {
            if(i<j && !isVowel(s[i])) i++;
            else if(i<j && !isVowel(s[j])) j--;
            else swap(s[i++], s[j--]); 
        }
    return s;
    }
};
 ```

The provided code solves the problem by implementing a two-pointer approach to reverse the vowels in the string. Here's how it works:

1. The `isVowel()` function is defined to check if a given character is a vowel. It returns `true` if the character is one of the vowels (both uppercase and lowercase), and `false` otherwise.

2. The `reverseVowels()` function takes a string `s` as input.

3. It initializes two pointers, `i` and `j`, pointing to the start and end of the string respectively.

4. Using a while loop, it continues until `i` is less than `j`.

5. Within the loop, it checks if the character at `s[i]` is not a vowel. If it is not a vowel, it increments `i` to move to the next character.

6. Similarly, it checks if the character at `s[j]` is not a vowel. If it is not a vowel, it decrements `j` to move to the previous character.

7. If both `s[i]` and `s[j]` are vowels, it swaps them using the `swap()` function, and then increments `i` and decrements `j` to continue checking for more vowel pairs.

8. After the loop finishes, it returns the modified string `s` with the reversed vowels.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the code is O(N), where N is the length of the input string `s`. The code iterates through the string once using the two-pointer approach, performing constant-time operations for each character.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) since the code uses a constant amount of additional space.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - reverseVowels/
    - reverseVowels.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `reverseVowels.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
