
## Problem: Is Subsequence

### Problem Description

Given two strings s and t, return true if s is a subsequence of t, or false otherwise.

A subsequence of a string is a new string that is formed from the original string by deleting some (can be none) of the characters without disturbing the relative positions of the remaining characters. (i.e., "ace" is a subsequence of "abcde" while "aec" is not).

 
```
Example 1:

Input: s = "abc", t = "ahbgdc"
Output: true
```

<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    bool isSubsequence(string s, string t) {
        string answer;
        int j=0;

        for(int i=0; i<t.length(); i++)
        {
            if(t[i]==s[j])
            {
                answer.push_back(t[i]);
                j++;
            }
        }
        
    if(answer.length() == s.length()) return true;
    return false;
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by checking if `s` is a subsequence of `t`. Here's how it works:

1. The `isSubsequence` function takes two strings, `s` and `t`, as input.

2. It initializes an empty string `answer` to store the characters that match between `s` and `t`. 

3. It also initializes an index `j` to keep track of the current character of `s` being checked.

4. It iterates through the characters of `t` using a for loop. The loop variable `i` starts from 0 and goes up to `t.length()-1`.

5. Inside the loop, it checks if the current character `t[i]` is equal to the character at index `j` in `s`. If they are equal, it means a matching character is found, so it is added to the `answer` string. Then, the index `j` is incremented to check the next character of `s`.

6. If the current character of `t` is not equal to the character at index `j` in `s`, it continues to the next character of `t` without changing the `answer` string or the index `j`.

7. After iterating through all the characters of `t`, the function checks if the length of the `answer` string is equal to the length of `s`. If they are equal, it means all the characters of `s` were found in the same order in `t`, so it returns true.

8. If the lengths of `answer` and `s` are not equal, it means some characters from `s` were not found in `t`, so it returns false.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The code has a time complexity of O(N), where N is the length of the string `t`. The code iterates through all the characters of `t` to check for a subsequence.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) since the code uses only a constant amount of extra space to store the `answer` string and the index `j`.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - isSubsequence/
    - isSubsequence.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `isSubsequence.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
