

## Problem: Fibonacci Number

### Problem Description
The Fibonacci numbers, commonly denoted F(n) form a sequence, called the Fibonacci sequence, such that each number is the sum of the two preceding ones, starting from 0 and 1. That is,

F(0) = 0, F(1) = 1
F(n) = F(n - 1) + F(n - 2), for n > 1.

<br>

Example 1:
```
Input: n = 2
Output: 1
Explanation: F(2) = F(1) + F(0) = 1 + 0 = 1.
```
### Solution Explanation

<hr>

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int fib(int n) {
          
       if(n == 0) return 0;
       if(n == 1) return 1;


       int ans1 = fib(n-1);
       int ans2 = fib(n-2);
        
        return ans1+ans2;
    
    }
};
```


The given code uses a recursive approach to solve the Fibonacci sequence. Let's understand how it works:

1. The `fib()` function takes an integer `n` as input, representing the index of the Fibonacci number to be calculated.

2. The base cases are handled first. If `n` is 0, the function returns 0 because the Fibonacci sequence starts with 0. Similarly, if `n` is 1, the function returns 1 because the second number in the sequence is 1.

3. For any other value of `n`, the function recursively calls itself to calculate the previous two Fibonacci numbers:

   - `int ans1 = fib(n-1);` calculates the Fibonacci number at index `n-1`.
   - `int ans2 = fib(n-2);` calculates the Fibonacci number at index `n-2`.

4. Finally, the function returns the sum of the two previous Fibonacci numbers: `return ans1 + ans2;`.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given recursive solution is exponential, O(2^n), because it recalculates the Fibonacci numbers repeatedly.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(n) due to the recursive calls on the call stack.

### Further Optimization

To improve the performance and efficiency of the solution, we can use dynamic programming or memoization techniques to avoid redundant calculations. By storing previously computed Fibonacci numbers in an array or map, we can avoid recalculating them.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - fibonacci/
    - fibonacci.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `fibonacci.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
