# Length of Last Word

## Problem Statement

Given a string `s` consisting of upper and lower-case alphabets and empty spaces, return the length of the last word in the string. A word is a sequence of non-space characters.

## Approach

The provided code offers a solution to find the length of the last word in a string. Here's how it works:

1. It initializes a variable `count` to 0. This variable will keep track of the length of the last word in the string.

2. The code iterates through the characters of the string `s` in reverse order, starting from the end (the last character), using a `for` loop.

3. In each iteration, it checks the current character `s[i]` to determine if it's a space or a valid character of a word (an alphabet character). The code does this using ASCII values:
   - If `s[i]` is a space and `count` is greater than 0, it means the code has encountered the end of the last word. So, it breaks the loop.
   - If `s[i]` is not a space and is an alphabet character (either uppercase or lowercase, based on their ASCII values), it increments the `count` by 1.

4. After the loop finishes, the `count` variable holds the length of the last word in the string.

5. The code returns the value of `count` as the length of the last word.

## Complexity Analysis

Let `n` be the length of the string `s`.

- Time Complexity: The code iterates through the string once, which results in O(n) time complexity.
- Space Complexity: The code operates with a fixed amount of extra memory (O(1)) because it only uses a single integer variable.

## Code Implementation

Here is the code implementation:

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int lengthOfLastWord(string s) {
        int count = 0;
        for(int i = s.size() - 1; i >= 0; i--){
            if(s[i] == ' ' && count != 0) break;
            if(s[i] != ' ' && (s[i] >= 'A' && s[i] <= 'Z' || s[i] >= 'a' && s[i] <= 'z')) count++;
        }
        return count;
    }
};
