
## Problem: Can Place Flowers

### Problem Description
You have a long flowerbed in which some of the plots are planted, and some are not. However, flowers cannot be planted in adjacent plots.

Given an integer array flowerbed containing 0's and 1's, where 0 means empty and 1 means not empty, and an integer n, return true if n new flowers can be planted in the flowerbed without violating the no-adjacent-flowers rule and false otherwise.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: flowerbed = [1,0,0,0,1], n = 1
Output: true
```

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    bool canPlaceFlowers(vector<int>& flowerbed, int n) {

        if(n == 0) return true;

        for(int i=0; i<flowerbed.size(); i++)
        {
            if(flowerbed[i]==0 && (i==0 || flowerbed[i-1]==0) && (i==flowerbed.size()-1 || flowerbed[i+1]==0))
            {
                --n;
                if(n == 0) return true;
                flowerbed[i] = 1;
            }
        }
        return false;
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by checking if it is possible to plant `n` flowers in the given flowerbed array, following the rules of not planting adjacent flowers. Here's how it works:

1. The `canPlaceFlowers()` function takes two inputs: `flowerbed`, an array representing the flowerbed, and `n`, the number of flowers to be planted.

2. It first checks if `n` is 0. If so, it means there are no flowers to be planted, and the function returns `true` because the condition is already satisfied.

3. It then iterates through the `flowerbed` array using a for loop.

4. For each plot (element) in the flowerbed, it checks if the current plot is empty (0) and if the previous and next plots are also empty (0). This ensures that the current plot can be used to plant a flower without violating the rule of adjacent flowers.

5. If the conditions are satisfied, it decreases the value of `n` by 1 to indicate that a flower has been planted, and sets the current plot to 1 to mark it as occupied.

6. After the loop finishes, it checks if `n` has reached 0. If `n` is 0, it means all the flowers have been successfully planted, and the function returns `true`. Otherwise, it means there were not enough empty plots to plant all the flowers, and the function returns `false`.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the code is O(N), where N is the size of the flowerbed array. The code iterates through the array once, performing constant-time operations for each plot.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) since the code uses a constant amount of additional space.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - canPlaceFlowers/
    - canPlaceFlowers.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `canPlaceFlowers.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
