
## Problem: Square Root (mySqrt)

### Problem Description
The task is to calculate and return the square root of a given non-negative integer `x`. The returned value should be an integer.

<hr>

### Solution Explanation
<br>

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int mySqrt(int x) {
    
        long long square,ans,mid;
        int s,e;
        
         s = 0;
         e = x;
         mid = s + (e-s)/2;
         while(s<=e)
         {
            square = mid*mid;
            if(square == x) return mid;
            if(square < x)
            {
                ans = mid;
                s = mid+1;
            }
            else
            {
                e = mid-1;
            }
            mid = s + (e-s)/2;
         }
         return ans;
    }
};
```


The provided code implements an efficient approach to find the square root of a given number using binary search. Here's how it works:

1. The `mySqrt()` function takes an integer `x` as input.

2. It initializes two variables, `s` and `e`, to represent the start and end points of the binary search range. Initially, `s` is set to 0 and `e` is set to `x`.

3. Three variables are defined: `square` to store the square of the current `mid` value, `ans` to store the square root result, and `mid` to calculate the middle value of the range using the formula `mid = s + (e-s)/2`.

4. The code enters a `while` loop where it compares `s` and `e`. If `s` is less than or equal to `e`, the loop continues; otherwise, it terminates.

5. Inside the loop, it calculates the `square` of the `mid` value.

6. If the `square` is equal to `x`, it means the square root has been found, so the `mid` value is returned as the result.

7. If the `square` is less than `x`, it means the square root is in the upper half of the range. In this case, the `ans` variable is updated with the current `mid` value, `s` is updated to `mid+1` to search in the upper half, and the loop continues.

8. If the `square` is greater than `x`, it means the square root is in the lower half of the range. In this case, `e` is updated to `mid-1` to search in the lower half, and the loop continues.

9. Finally, if the loop terminates without finding an exact square root, the `ans` value is returned as the closest integer approximation of the square root.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the binary search approach is O(log(x)), where x is the given input. This is because the search range is halved in each iteration, resulting in a logarithmic time complexity.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) as the code uses a constant amount of extra space to store the variables.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - squareRoot/
    - squareRoot.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `squareRoot.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
