
## Problem: Reverse Integer

### Problem Description
Given a signed 32-bit integer x, return x with its digits reversed. If reversing x causes the value to go outside the signed 32-bit integer range [-231, 231 - 1], then return 0.

Assume the environment does not allow you to store 64-bit integers (signed or unsigned).

 
```
Example 1:
Input: x = 123
Output: 321
```
```
Example 2:
Input: x = -123
Output: -321
```

<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int reverse(int x) {
        int j;
        long long num;

        j = x;
        num = 0;

            while(x!=0)
            {
                if( num < (INT_MIN/10)  || num > (INT_MAX/10)) return 0;
                num = (num*10) + (x%10);
                x = x/10;
            }
        return num;
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by reversing the digits of the given integer. Here's how it works:

1. The `reverse()` function takes an integer `x` as input.

2. It initializes an integer variable `j` to store the value of `x` and a long long variable `num` to store the reversed number.

3. The code enters a `while` loop that continues until `x` becomes 0.

4. Inside the loop, it performs the following steps:
   - Checks if the current value of `num` is less than `INT_MIN/10` or greater than `INT_MAX/10`. This condition is used to handle overflow cases. If the condition is true, it means the reversed number will overflow, so the function returns 0.
   - Multiplies the current value of `num` by 10 and adds the last digit of `x` (obtained using `x % 10`).
   - Updates the value of `x` by dividing it by 10.

5. Once the loop finishes, the function returns the reversed number `num`.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code is O(log(x)), where x is the given input. This is because the number of iterations in the `while` loop depends on the number of digits in `x`, which is proportional to log(x) (base 10).
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) as the code uses a constant amount of extra space to store variables.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - reverseInteger/
    - reverseInteger.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `reverseInteger.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
