
## Problem: Search in Sorted Array

### Problem Description

Given an array of integers nums which is sorted in ascending order, and an integer target, write a function to search target in nums. If target exists, then return its index. Otherwise, return -1.

You must write an algorithm with O(log n) runtime complexity.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: nums = [-1,0,3,5,9,12], target = 9
Output: 4
Explanation: 9 exists in nums and its index is 4
```

<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int search(vector<int>& nums, int target) {
        int s,e,mid;
        s = 0;
        e = nums.size()-1;

        mid = s + (e-s)/2;

        while(s<=e)
        {
            if(nums[mid] == target) return mid;

            if(nums[mid]<target)
            {
                s = mid+1;
            }
            else e = mid-1;

            mid = s + (e-s)/2;
        }
        return -1; 
    }
};
```


The provided code solves the problem by performing a binary search on the sorted array. Here's how it works:

1. The `search()` function takes a vector of integers `nums` and an integer `target` as input.

2. It initializes integer variables `s`, `e`, and `mid` to represent the start index, end index, and mid index of the array, respectively.

3. The code calculates the mid index using the formula `mid = s + (e - s) / 2`.

4. It enters a `while` loop that continues as long as the start index `s` is less than or equal to the end index `e`.

5. Inside the loop, it performs the following steps:
   - Checks if the value at the mid index `nums[mid]` is equal to the target value. If it is, the function returns the mid index.
   - Checks if the value at the mid index `nums[mid]` is less than the target value. If it is, it means the target value is likely to be present in the right half of the array. So, it updates the start index `s` to `mid + 1`.
   - If the value at the mid index `nums[mid]` is greater than the target value, it means the target value is likely to be present in the left half of the array. So, it updates the end index `e` to `mid - 1`.

6. After each iteration, the code recalculates the mid index using the updated start and end indices.

7. If the target value is not found in the array after the loop, the function returns -1.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code is O(log(n)), where n is the size of the input array `nums`. This is because the code performs a binary search, which divides the search space in half at each step.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) as the code uses a constant amount of extra space to store variables.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - searchInSortedArray/
    - searchInSortedArray.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `searchInSortedArray.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
