
## Problem: Find Pivot Index

### Problem Description

Given an array of integers nums, calculate the pivot index of this array.

The pivot index is the index where the sum of all the numbers strictly to the left of the index is equal to the sum of all the numbers strictly to the index's right.

If the index is on the left edge of the array, then the left sum is 0 because there are no elements to the left. This also applies to the right edge of the array.

Return the leftmost pivot index. If no such index exists, return -1.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: nums = [1,7,3,6,5,6]
Output: 3
Explanation:
The pivot index is 3.
Left sum = nums[0] + nums[1] + nums[2] = 1 + 7 + 3 = 11
Right sum = nums[4] + nums[5] = 5 + 6 = 11
```
<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int pivotIndex(vector<int>& nums) {
        int sum = 0;
        int temp = 0;

        for(int i = 0; i<nums.size(); i++)
        {
            sum += nums[i]; 
        }

        for(int j = 0; j<nums.size(); j++)
        {
            sum -= nums[j];

            if(sum == temp) return j;

            temp += nums[j];
        }
        return -1; 
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by finding the pivot index in the given array. Here's how it works:

1. The `pivotIndex()` function takes a vector `nums` as input.

2. It initializes two variables, `sum` and `temp`, to keep track of the total sum of elements and the temporary sum respectively.

3. It iterates through each element of `nums` using a `for` loop to calculate the total sum of elements.

4. After calculating the total sum, it starts another `for` loop to check for the pivot index.

5. Inside the loop, it subtracts the current element from the total sum (`sum`) and checks if the remaining sum (`sum`) is equal to the temporary sum (`temp`).

6. If the two sums are equal, it means the current index is the pivot index, and it returns the index (`j`).

7. If no pivot index is found, the function returns -1.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code is O(n), where n is the size of the input array `nums`. This is because the code iterates through the array twice, once to calculate the total sum and once to find the pivot index.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) since the code only uses a constant amount of additional space to store the sum and temporary variables.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - findPivotIndex/
    - findPivotIndex.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `findPivotIndex.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
