
## Problem: Squares of a Sorted Array

### Problem Description

Given an integer array nums sorted in non-decreasing order, return an array of the squares of each number sorted in non-decreasing order.

 
```
Example 1:

Input: nums = [-4,-1,0,3,10]
Output: [0,1,9,16,100]
Explanation: After squaring, the array becomes [16,1,0,9,100].
After sorting, it becomes [0,1,9,16,100].
```

<hr>

### Solution Explanation

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    vector<int> sortedSquares(vector<int>& nums) {

        for(int x = 0; x<nums.size(); x++)
        {
            nums[x] = nums[x]*nums[x];
        }
            sort(nums.begin(), nums.end());
        return nums;
    }
};
```

The provided code solves the problem by squaring each element of the input array and returning a new array with the sorted squares. Here's how it works:

1. The `sortedSquares()` function takes a vector `nums` as input.

2. It iterates through each element of `nums` using a `for` loop.

3. Inside the loop, it squares each element by multiplying it with itself and updates the element in `nums` with the squared value.

4. After squaring all the elements, it uses the `sort()` function from the C++ Standard Library to sort the array in non-decreasing order.

5. Finally, it returns the modified `nums` array, which now contains the squares in non-decreasing order.

### Complexity Analysis

- Time Complexity: The time complexity of the given code is O(n log n), where n is the size of the input array `nums`. This is because the code performs a linear iteration through the array and then uses the `sort()` function, which has a time complexity of O(n log n) in the worst case.
- Space Complexity: The space complexity is O(1) since the code modifies the input array in-place and does not use any additional data structures.

### Repository Structure

```
- leetCodeProblems/
  - sortedSquares/
    - sortedSquares.cpp
    - README.md
```

In the repository, you can find the solution code in the `sortedSquares.cpp` file and a detailed explanation in the `README.md` file.
